it's the most wonderful Christmas is a
magical time full of wonder I enjoy a
time for making lasting memories of
family and friends room between the
secret behind what makes Christmas so
special
mom mom working their asses off cooking
wrapping decorating and shopping
holy I b-boy feel like a giant
stress ball from like November to New
Year's this is our busiest time of the
year at work i waxed 39 today
and the next oh my god since one of
every woman in America need a completely
hairless vagina on Christmas yeah I said
months picking out the perfect present
for everyone you know the only thing I
get in return
coupon free back rub that's not okay
shitty back rub remember when the
holidays were actually fun example eight
Christmas back come on where's your tree
I didn't want wait time Christmas tree
shopping I actually wanted to enjoy
Christmas this year
Amy who are a mom moms don't enjoy they
give joy that's helping a mom work
[Music]
no the house looks really nice
oh thank you your dad is awesome thank
you hated him so why would you fever I
heard you and Dad E in the bedroom you
cook food and those were just super
happy scream and then you punch the wall
and yelled the F are you like oh my
god just like that oh my
god my god
[Music]